Lets say we have a left or a right living room, that can be on any side of a Hallway with bedrooms and bathrooms both on top and on bottom. This living room attached to the hallways can have a kitchen on the other side of where the hall is, with the option of a garage at the end of the side opposite of the hallway. This living rooms can have the option to have hallways attached to them at either of the 90 degrees from where the initial hall is coming from. If it is just one living room then that living room can have the option to have hallways at either 90 degree on either side of the hallway, or at the other side of the hallway at the other end of the attached living room. On the other side of each extra hallway (at any 90 degrees or at 180 degrees), there can also be an identical living room to the first one, or living room with a kitchen, or living room kitchen garage. Those living rooms can also have have hallways at 90 or 180 degrees, given the previous rules. The maximum amount of extensions each .csv file can have is 2 from the original hallway/living room pair and does not have to have an additional living room at the end of it, just the second hall. Though, if we are extending more than 1 extra side of the living room at either 90 or 180 degrees, then keep it to 1 extension and make sure that there is a second and third living room at the end of those. 

Given that, depending on if the hallways is on the left or right (left for right living rooms and right for left living rooms), the living room should always be larger than the top and the bottom bedroom plus the hallway attached to it, be it to the left or to the right or above or below, or of the same size. the kitchen and the garage should always be of the same size as the living room that is attached to the hallway, always. Since these are the rules, whatever the dimension of the living room it, it should be a perfect square, just like the kitchen and the garage, each. 

There should never be a living room attached to a bathroom. We will not be using the final script to attach these living rooms/rest-of-the-home to files with bathrooms on either the first or last column that define the dimensions of rooms. 

Given that the size of rooms ranges from 15 - 30 in increments of 5, and that hall width ranges from 15 - 30 in increments of 5, we would like to be able to input left, or right, or top, or bottom, or 2 , or 3 of all 4 as the hallways locations, what the size of the room is on the bottom of the main hall attached room, what the size of the room is on the top for the main hall attached room (length for both, this will be the same if we are doing both left and right, which would mean only a living room, no kitchen or garage), what the size of the hall is (so that you can add them together to get either the same size as the bedrooms plus the hall, or larger of a living room), Also ask for outer wall thickness, and inner wall thickness, this will let you know how to output the .csv. with the right information, Everything else will be randomized. 

Make sure that I can do this is bulk by inputting a .csv with the instructions, left, right, top, bottom, for the locations of the hallways in relation to the living room, another spot for bottom room of hallway length, another spot for top room of hallway length, another spot for hallways length and another two spots, one for outer wall thickness and one for inner wall thickness. We can write a script latter to input that same data in format, taken from .csv file in "C:\Masonry\A\Data", but once we print those halls out. Or we can input individual files from "C:\Masonry\A\Data", without parsing it for the scripts use, and we can output the above requirements, with the added rooms in each hall, top and bottom (mirrored to be identical and keep things simple), and can output 100 of those variants with the above requirements. We will just them the machine know what range to output, from say, 1.csv, to 100.csv for 10000 output files for full home designs. That would be easier, no?

Make sure that in each file, there is at least one kitchen and one garage, and no more than 2 kitchens and 2 garages. 

Make the .csv file writing script please, so that it makes a .csv file for the above requirements so that another script can take the vital information from the .csv file, grab the .dwg files that make up all of its individual components, and print out a whole .dwg for the new house design! We will make the .dwg printing script later, just make the .csv creating file that makes the file with the information that lets us know what the final house design's information is and how it will be laid out. 